---
custom_attributes: ""
custom_class: ""
custom_css: ""
image: images/concepts/people-analytics.png
title: People Analytics
---

Do any of the following struggles ring true?


- We need the right tools to do the job
- No confidence in the underlying frameworks
- Show me the Money


As Max Blumberg says in his article, People Analytics: Who’s fooling who?   “if like most people you don’t believe in your organisation’s competency and performance management frameworks, then you certainly aren’t in a position to believe in the results of statistical analysis based on data generated by these frameworks. As the old acronym GIGO says, Garbage In, Garbage Out.”

You can show the C-Suite pretty data visualizations of their organization showing attrition, gender balance, and average commuting time. Still, the hard truth is that the CEO will only really listen when you link it to Revenue and Profits. We need to connect the scope of the people analytics as much as possible to the organization's result to get 'buy-in.'




Our Services : 


**Transformation & Leadership**: Provide subject matter expertise in the field of people analytics. Inspire and advance progressive ways of building data insights into HR decisions. Act as a role model, coach and guide within the HR departments to support the adoption of new reporting and modelling capabilities.

**Insights Driver**: Enhance HR function capability to analyze and translate casual and correlated findings into actionable programs to address key business problems. Proactively identifies trends, KPI’s and insights.

**Data Management**: Play a master integrator role across Business Partner and Centres of Expertise to strengthen data integrity, governance and processes to build actionable insights.









 
